Update Lock X to do Y (#15)
GiottoVerducci/rulebook2024: content.md

this card. For instance, you may move blood from your vampire to your
pool with Vessel only once per unlock phase.

**"Cost X to do Y":** The "cost X to do Y" template is used on several
cards. A minion or Methuselah playing a card or using an effect with
this template will have to pay cost X in order to play the card or use
the effect Y. For example, an effect with "lock a location to lock
a minion" require the Methuselah to lock an unlocked location they

> control to lock a minion.

Reviewer: The proposal could use a reasoning why the new content is better.

I find the previous content clearer for simple "lock x to y" cases. Using "cost" is confusing because "cost" is usually used for blood/pool cost, not in the MtG-like `cost: effect` sense this proposal seems to emulate.

How many effects we have where "cost x to do y" is anything else than "lock" or "burn a blood"? Burning blood does not seem to confuse people, locking does (evidence: rulings).

Reviewer 2: I agree. "Lock to" is the only case where questions are asked. "Burn X blood to...", "Discard X cards to...", "Burn the Edge to..." are not an issue for that matter (they can be for other matters, but those matters are not covered here anyway).

> **"Cost X to do Y":** The "cost X to do Y" template is used on several
> cards. A minion or Methuselah playing a card or using an effect with
> this template will have to pay cost X in order to play the card or use
> the effect Y. For example, an effect with "lock a location to lock
> a minion" require the Methuselah to lock an unlocked location they
> control to lock a minion.

Reviewer 3: I think a change is required, but I have minor issues with this proposal:

1. The "lock X to" is important and has to stay clear and upfront because it is easy to argue you can lock a locked thing and it just stays locked. 
2. It should be kept short: the first sentence can be removed and the second, as well as the first half of the second.
3. I don't think the provided example exists as actual card text, we should shy away from using imaginary examples in the rulebook in my opinion.

Still convoluted but maybe:
```suggestion
**"Do X to do Y":** These effects require X to be played. For example "Lock this vampire to do Y" requires to lock the unlocked vampire: it cannot be used by a locked vampire. "Burn the Edge to" requires the Edge, "burn a blood to" requires a blood, and so on.
```

Alternatively:
```suggestion
**"Lock X to do Y":** These effects require an unlocked minion to be used, they cannot be used by locked minions. Similarily, **"Do X to do Y"** effects require X and cannot be used without X. "Burn the Edge to" requires the Edge, "Burn a blood to" requires a blood, and so on.
```
